OADP-3921 remove cpu limits (#91970)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-backup-restore-for-large-usage.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is not recommended to use Kopia without limits in production environments on nodes running production workloads due to Kopia’s aggressive consumption of resources. However, running Kopia with limits that are too low results in CPU limiting and slow backups and restore situations. 

Reviewer: @shawn-hurley correct me if I'm incorrect here sir

[IMPORTANT]
====
You can tune your {product-title} environment based on your performance analysis and preference. It is not recommended to use CPU limits in workloads where you use Kopia for file system backups.

If you do not use CPU limits on the pods, then the pods can use excess CPU when available. Whereas, if you specify CPU limits, there is a chance that pods may get throttled, if they exceed their limit. Therefore, using CPU limits on the pods is considered as an anti-pattern.

> Ensure that you are accurately specifying CPU requests, so that pods can take advantage of excess CPU. Resource allocation is guaranteed based on CPU requests rather than CPU limits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that you are accurately specifying CPU requests so that pods can take advantage of excess CPU. Resource allocation is guaranteed based on CPU requests rather than CPU limits.
```
IBM Style: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-commas#commas-between-clauses

> Testing showed that running Kopia with 20 cores and 32 Gi memory, supported backup and restore operations of over 100 GB of data, multiple namespaces, or over 2000 pods in a single namespace. Testing detected no CPU limiting or memory saturation with these resource specifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Testing showed that running Kopia with 20 cores and 32 Gi memory supported backup and restore operations of over 100 GB of data, multiple namespaces, or over 2000 pods in a single namespace. Testing detected no CPU limiting or memory saturation with these resource specifications.
```

====

> In some environments, you might need to adjust Ceph MDS pod resources to avoid pod restarts that are caused by resource saturation when default settings are used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In some environments, you might need to adjust Ceph MDS pod resources to avoid pod restarts, which occur when default settings cause resource saturation.
```

Reviewer 3: ![Screenshot From 2025-04-23 13-40-32](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b084563-7f99-4ea4-8703-3374bbd688b3)

> In some environments it may be necessary to adjust Ceph MDS pods resources to avoid pod restarts caused by resource saturation when default settings are used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some environments, you might need to adjust Ceph MDS pod resources to avoid pod restarts that are caused by resource saturation when default settings are used.
```

> You can set the pod resources limits in Ceph MDS pods by following the procedure in https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.15/html/troubleshooting_openshift_data_foundation/changing-resources-for-the-openshift-data-foundation-components_rhodf#changing_the_cpu_and_memory_resources_on_the_rook_ceph_pods[Changing the CPU and memory resources on the rook-ceph pods].

Reviewer 3: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#links

> You can set the pod resources limits in Ceph MDS pods by following the procedure in https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.15/html/troubleshooting_openshift_data_foundation/changing-resources-for-the-openshift-data-foundation-components_rhodf#changing_the_cpu_and_memory_resources_on_the_rook_ceph_pods[Changing the CPU and memory resources on the rook-ceph pods].

Reviewer 3: ![Screenshot From 2025-04-23 13-47-25](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6dfe2a34-c0c1-466e-94e5-24554afb7e79)

> You can set the pods resources limits in Ceph MDS pods by following the procedure in https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.15/html/troubleshooting_openshift_data_foundation/changing-resources-for-the-openshift-data-foundation-components_rhodf#changing_the_cpu_and_memory_resources_on_the_rook_ceph_pods[Changing the CPU and memory resources on the rook-ceph pods].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set the pod resources limits in Ceph MDS pods by following the procedure in https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.15/html/troubleshooting_openshift_data_foundation/changing-resources-for-the-openshift-data-foundation-components_rhodf#changing_the_cpu_and_memory_resources_on_the_rook_ceph_pods[Changing the CPU and memory resources on the rook-ceph pods].
```
